Final project prep

Function prototypes
Menu function 
Get image function 
Display image function 
Crop function
Dim function 
Brighten function
Rotate function


Main function
The main function will first print “Welcome to Erinstagram” and then lead to the Get image function.

Get image function 
This will prompt the user to upload an image and sents the image to the Display Image function 

Display image function 

This function will display the uploaded image and lead the user to the menu function.

Menu function

This function will show the options for the user and asks the user to pick between the options.

The options are 

Crop
Dim
Bright
Rotate
And/or
Exit

If the user picks crop, it will lead them to the crop function 
If the user picks dim, it will lead them to the dim function 
If the user picks bright, it will lead them to the bright function 
And
If the user picks rotate, it will lead them to the rotate function

Crop function 
The function will prompt the user to crop by certain width and height using numbers
After the cropping is done, the function will ask the user if they are satisfied or they need to crop it more?
If they want it to crop it more, they will be given the same prompt.
If they are satisfied, the cropped image will be saved in display image function and the user will be brought back to the menu function 

The dim function
The function will prompt the user to select how dim they want their image to be from 0 to 100
0 being no changes and 100 being the darkest.
After the user dims the image, the function will ask them if they are satisfied or they want to dim the image more.

If the user wants to dim the image more, they will be given the same prompt.
If the user is satisfied, the changed image is displayed in the display image function and the user will be brought back to the menu function.

Bright function
This function will prompt the user to select how bright they want their image to be from 0 to 100.

0 being no changes while 100 being the brightest

If the user wants the image to be brighter, they will be given the same prompt

If the user is satisfied, the changed image is displayed in the display image function and the user will be brought back to the menu function.

The rotate function

The rotate function will ask the user if they want to rotate the image 90 degrees to the right or 90 degrees to the left.
If the user chooses whether left or right, the user will be given the same prompt with an option to tell the function that they are satisfied.

If they are satisfied, the changes will be displayed in the display image function and they will come back to the menu function.


